Kanye, can I talk to you for a minute?
Me 'n the other faculty members was wonderin'
Could you do a lil some, somethin' beautiful?
Somethin' that the kids is gon' love when they hear it
It's gonna make 'em start jumpin' up 'n down and sharin' candy and stuff
Think you could probably do somethin' for the kids for graduation to sing?
Kanye, can I talk to you for a minute?
Me and the other faculty members was wonderin'
Could you do a lil' som...
Somethin' beautiful, somethin' that the kids are gon' love when they hear it
That's gon' make them start jumpin' up and down, and sharin' candy and stuff
Think you could probably do somethin', for the kids, for graduation to sing?
Oh, yeah...
I got the perfect song for the kids to sing...
And all my people that's—

Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
We wasn't supposed to make it past twenty-five
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say"

If this is your first time hearing this
You are about to experience something so cold, man
We never had nothin' handed, took nothin' for granted
Took nothin' from no man, man, I'm my own man
But as a shorty, I looked up to the dope man
Only adult man I knew that wasn't broke, man
Flicking Starter coats, man—man, you don't know, man
We don't care what people say
This is for my niggas outside all winter
'Cause this summer they ain't finna say, "Next summer, I'm finna..."
Sitting in the hood like community colleges
This dope money here is Lil' Trey's scholarship
'Cause ain't no tuition for having no ambition
And ain't no loans for sitting your ass at home
So we forced to sell crack, rap, and get a job
You gotta do something, man, your ass is grown

Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
(Kids, sing! Kids, sing!)
We wasn't supposed to make it past twenty-five
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say"

This second verse is for my dogs working nine to five that still hustle
'Cause a nigga can't shine off $6.55
And everybody selling makeup, Jacob's
And bootlegged tapes just to get they cake up
We put shit on lay-away, then come back
We claim other people kids on our income tax
We take that money, cop work, then push packs to get paid
And we don't care what people say
Mama say she wanna move South
Scratching lottery tickets, eyes on a new house
'Round the same time, Doe ran up in dude house
Couldn't get a job
So since he couldn't get work, he figured he'd take work
The drug game bulimic, it's hard to get weight
So niggas' money is homo, it's hard to get straight
But we gon' keep bakin' 'til the day we get cake
And we don't care what people say, my niggas—

Drug dealin' just to get by (Yeah)
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
Kids, sing! Kids, sing!
We wasn't supposed to make it past twenty-five
Joke's on you, we still alive (Alive, uh-huh)
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say" (Yeah, yeah, ugh)

You know the kids gon' act a fool
When you stop the programs for after school
And they DCFS, some of 'em dyslexic
They favorite 50 Cent song "12 Questions"
We scream: "rocks, blow, weed, park," see, now we smart
We ain't retards the way teachers thought
Hold up, hold fast, we make more cash
Now, tell my mama I belong in that slow class
It's bad enough we on welfare
They tryna put me on the school bus with the space for the wheelchair
I'm tryna get the car with the chrome-y wheels here
They tryna cut our lights out like we don't live here
Look what was handed us, fathers abandoned us
When we get them hammers, go on, call the ambulance
Sometimes, I feel no one in this world understands us
But we don't care what people say, my niggas—

Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
Kids, sing! Kids, sing!
We wasn't supposed to make it past twenty-five
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say"

What in the fuck was that, Kanye?! I told you to do some shit for the kids! You can give me your muthafuckin' graduation ticket right now! You give me this muthafuckin' robe before you catch some senioritis! You will not walk across that stage! You won’t slide across that stage! Motherfucker can’t pull you across that stage, Kanye! Who told you? See, I told you to do something uplifting! I’m tryna get you out here with these white people and this how you're gonna do me! You know what, you's a nigga. And I don’t mean that in no nice way. Had little kids sing about the shit—the joke's on you. You throw your motherfucking hands in the air and wave goodbye to every-motherfucking-body! 'Cause you getting the fuck out of this campus! What the fuck you gon' do now? Kanye...
I'm no longer confused, but don't tell anybody
I'm about to break the rules, but don't tell anybody
I got something better than school, so don't tell anybody
My momma would kill me, so don't tell anybody
She wants me to get a good ass job, just like everybody
She ain't walked in my shoes, I'm just not everybody

Come they told me, pa rum pum pum pum
A new born King to see, pa rum pum pum pum
Our finest gifts we bring, pa rum pum pum pum
To lay before the King, pa rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum, rum pum pum pum
The streets is crazy, pa rum pum pum pum (streets is crazy)
I am a poor boy too, pa rum pum pum pum (oh what can I get you)
Thou I would say something, pa rum pum pum pum (oh)
To represent our King, pa rum pum pum pum
What have I done? What have I done?

Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Yeah, this the real one, baby
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Uh, Chi-Town, stand up!
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right
Oh, when it all

Man, I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she doin' in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents'll look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down hurr and do hair"
'Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs
Of new Airs, 'cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well

Oh, when it all, it all falls down
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon, and when it falls down
Oh, when it all

Man, I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollie's and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothin', pass that Ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this"
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seem we livin' the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe

Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Come on, come on
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Come on, come on
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
And when it all falls down

I say, "Fuck the police," that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes, but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
'Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And the white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon' act holier than thou
'Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
‘Cause I wanna be on 106 & Park, pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it

Oh, when it all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
C'mon c'mon, and when it falls down
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right
Oh when it all, it all falls down
Chi-Town, Chi-Town
We gon' show 'em how we get down
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Now, Syleena, you just like a safe belt, you saved my life
C'mon
Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down

One glad morning, when this life is over, I'll fly away
To a land where joy shall never end, I'll fly away
I'll fly away, oh, glory
I'll fly away
When I die Hallelujah bye and bye
I'll fly away

I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit (Yeah, yeah)
I wish I could (Me too)
Buy me a spaceship and fly (Swear I do)
Past the sky, oh
GLC feel you, baby—I feel you, man
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky (Man, man, man...)
Oh, oh, oh

If my manager insults me again
I will be assaulting him
After I fuck the manager up
Then, I'm gonna shorten the register up
Let's go back, back to the Gap
Look at my check—wasn't no scratch
So if I stole, wasn't my fault
Yeah, I stole—never got caught
They take me to the back and pat me
Asking me about some khakis
But let some Black people walk in
I bet you they show off their token blackie
Oh, now they love Kanye
"Let's put him all in the front of the store"
So I'm on break
Next to the "No Smoking" sign with a blunt in the mall
Taking my hits, writing my hits
Writing my rhymes, playing my mind
This fucking job can't help him
So I quit; y'all welcome
Y'all don't know my struggle
Y'all can't match my hustle
You can't catch my hustle
You can't fathom my love, dude
Lock yourself in a room
Doing five beats a day for three summers
That's A Different World like Cree Summer's
I deserve to do these numbers
"The kid that made that deserves that Maybach!"
So many records in my basement
I'm just waitin' on my spaceship, blaow!

I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Tryna tell you, man, way past the sky
Oh, oh (Let's go, ugh)

And I didn't even try to work a job
Represent the mob at the same time (Woo)
Thirsty on the grind, Chi state of mind
Lost my mama, lost my mind (Aww)
Life, my love, that's not mine
"Why you ain't signed?" Wasn't my time
Leave me alone, work for y'all
Half of it's yours, half of it's mine
Only wanna ball, never wanna fall (Ugh)
Gotta get mine, gotta take mine (Ugh)
Got a Tec-9, reach my prime (Ugh)
Gotta make these haters respect mine (Yeah)
In the mall 'til 12 when my schedule had said 9
Putting them pants on shelves
Waiting patiently; I ask myself
Where I wanna go, where I wanna be
Life is much more than running in the streets
Holler at 'Ye, hit me with the beat
Put me on my feet, sounds so sweet
Yes, I'm the same ol' G
Same goatee, stayin' low-key, nope
Holler at God: "Man, why'd you have to take my folks?"
Hope to see Freddie G., Yusef G, love my G
Rolly G, police watch me
Smoke my weed and count my Gs
Got a lot of people counting on me (That's right)
And I'm just tryin' to find my peace (That's right)
Should've finished school like my niece
Then I finally wouldn't use my piece, blaow!

I've been working this grave-shift
Aww, man, this pressure
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Oh, oh, oh

I 'member having to take the dollar cab
Coming home real late at night
Standing on my feet all damn day
Tryna make this thing right
And havin' one of my coworkers say, "Yo, you look just like
This kid I seen in an old Busta Rhymes video the other night"
Well, easy come, easy go, how that saying goes
No more broad service, cars, and them TV shows
That all had got snatched from me, A&Rs and they faculties
All turn their back on me and didn't wanna hear a rap from me
So naturally, actually, had to face things factually
Had to be a catastrophe, empty fridge is staring back at me
'Cause nothing's there, nothing's fair
I don't wanna ever go back there
So I won't be taking no days off 'til my spaceship takes off, bow!

I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Oh, oh, oh

I wanna fly
I wanna fly
I said I want my chariot to pick me up
And take a brother for a ride
(Heaven knows, heaven knows)

Uh-uh, I'm tryna catch the beat, uh
I'm tryna to catch the beat
I'm tryna to catch the beat, uh uh, uh
I'm tryna to catch the beat

N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
(Get 'em high)
All the girls pass the weed to yo' motherfuckin' man
(Get 'em high)
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
(Keep 'em high)
And if you're losin' your high then smoke again
(Keep 'em high)

N-n-n-now, my flow
Is in the pocket like wallets, I got the bounce like hydraulics
I can't call it, I got the swerve like alcohol-ics
My freshman year I was going through hella problems
'Til I, built up the nerve to drop my ass up out of college
My teacher said I'se a loser, I told her "Why don't you kill me?"
I give a fuck if you fail me, I'm gonna fol-low my heart
And if you follow the charts, or the plaques or the stacks
You ain't gotta guess who's back, you see
I'm so Chi that you thought I was bashful
But this bastard's flow will bash your skull
And I will, cut your girl like Pastor Tro'
And I don't, usually smoke, but pass the 'dro
And I won't, give you that money that you askin' for
Why you think me and Dame cool? We assholes
That's why we hear your music in fast forward
'Cause we don't wanna hear that weak shit no mo'

N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
(Get 'em high)
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
(Get 'em high)
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
(Keep 'em high)
And if you're losin' yo' high, then smoke again
(Keep 'em high)

("You've got mail!") N-n-n-n-n-now who the hell is this
E-mailing me at 11:26?
Telling me that she 36-26, plus double-d
You know how girls on Black Planet be when they get bubbly
At NYU but she hail from Kansas
Right now she just lampin', chillin' on campus
Sent me a picture with her feelin' on Candice
Who said her favorite rapper was the late great Francis
W-H-I-T, it's getting late mami
Your screen saver say tweet, so you got to "call me"
And bring a friend for my friend, his name Kweli
(You mean Talib? Lyrics sticks to your rib)
I mean (That's my favorite CD that I play at my crib)
I mean (You don't really know him, why is you lyin'?)
Yo Kwe, she don't believe me, please pick up the line
She gon' think that I'm lyin', just spit a couple of lines
Then maybe I'll be able to give her dick all the time
And get her high! Owww!

Yeah, I can't believe this nigga use my name for pickin' up dimes
But never-mind, I need some tracks, you tryin' to pull tracks out
And my rhymes is finna blow, you trying to blow backs out
Well okay, you twisted my arm, I'll assist with the charm
Ayo, ain't you meet that chick at that conference with your moms?
And sister's the bomb, boy she got the bougie behavior
Always got something to say like a okay playa hater
Anyways, I don't usually fuck with the Internet
Or chicks with birth control stuck to they arm like Nicorette
You really fuckin' that much or tryna get off cigarettes? (Keep 'em high)
If she think it's fly, she ain't met a real nigga yet
Now I apologize if I come off a little inconsiderate
I got the bubba kush and a sister could get a hit of it, yeah

Yo, yo
Get 'em high like noon or the moon
Or a room filled with smoke, a hype-filled with dope
Y'all assumed I was doomed, out of tune
But I still filled the notes with real nigga quotes
Real rappers is hard to find, like a remote
Control rap is out of
Used to, but still got love
That's why I abuse you who are not thugs
Rock clubs, it's like Tiger Woods in the hood
Should have my own reality show, called Soul Survivor
I stole on live-er niggas than you
You's a bitch I got ones that are thicker than you
How could I ever let your words affect me?
They say hip-hop is dead, I'm here to resurrect me
Marsha's too sexy to even make songs like these
That's why the raw don't know your name, like Alicia Keys
Too many featured emcees, and pro-ducers is popular
Twelve thousand spins, nobody got to coppin' a
Album, how come you the hot garbage of
The year? It's clear your image is looped up
Label got you souped up, tellin' you you sick
When you a dick with a loose nut
Video hard to watch like Medusa
Even your club record need a booster, chimped up
With a pimp cup, illiterate nigga, read the infra-
Red across your head, I'm bred king like Simba
Bolder than Denver, I ain't a Madd Rapper
Just a emcee with a temper
You dancin' for money like Honey, I did this my way
So when the industry crash, I survive like Kanye
Spittin' through wires and fires, emcees retirin'
Got your hands up, get them motherfuckers higher then

N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
(Get 'em high, yeah)
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
(Get 'em high, mm-mm, uh-uh)
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
(Keep 'em high, keep 'em high, keep 'em high, uh-uh)
And if you're losin' your high then smoke again
(Keep 'em high)

*Key*
How's your son? (all the things)
He made the team this year? (all, all, all the things things)
Aight, they said he wasn't tall enough
(...all all that glitters is not gold
And all gold is not reality
Real is what you lays on me)
Ma we here we gon' cook this Sunday ok?
That's a new girlfriend?
This is family business
And this is for the family that can't be with us
And this is for my cousin locked down, know the answer's in us
This why I spit it in my songs so sweet like a photo
Of your granny's picture, now that you're gone, it hit us
Super hard on Thanksgiving and Christmas, this can't be right
Yeah, you heard the track I did man, "This Can't Be Life"
Somebody please say grace so I can save face
And have a reason to cover my face
I even made you a plate, soul food, know how Granny do it
Monkey bread on the side, know how the family do it
When I brought it why the guard have to look all through it?
As kids, we used to laugh
Who knew that life would move this fast?
Who knew I'd have to look at you through a glass?
And look, you tell me you ain't did it then you ain't did it
And if you did, then that's family business
And I don't care 'bout
(all the diamond rings all the diamond rings)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
All these fancy things
I tell you that all is my weight and gold
(all that glitters is not gold, now gold is not reality)
Now all I know I know all these things
(real is what you lease on me)
This is family business
And this is for everybody standing with us
Come on, let's take a family Grammy picture
Abi, remember when they ain't believe in me?
Now she like "See, that's my cousin on TV!"
Now, we gettin' it and we gon' make it
And they gon' hate it and I'm his favorite
I can't deny it, I'm a straight rider
But when we get together be electric slidin'
Grandma, get 'em shook up
Aw naw, don't open the photo book up
I got an Aunt Ruth that can't remember your name
But I bet them Polaroids'll send her down memory lane
You know that one auntie, you don't mean to be rude
But every holiday nobody eating her food
And you don't wanna stay there cause them your worst cousins
Got roaches at their crib like them your first cousins
Act like you ain't took a bath with your cousins
Fit 3 in the bed if it's 6 of y'all
I'm talkin' 'bout three by the head and three by the leg
But you ain't have to tell my girl I used to pee in the bed
Rain, rain, rain go away
Let the sun come out and all the children say
Rain, rain, rain go away
Let the sun come out and all the children say
I woke up early this morning with a new state of mind
A creative way to rhyme without using knives and guns
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to God
And keep your face to the risin' sun
All my niggas from the Chi, that's my family, dog
And my niggas ain't my guys, they my family, dog
I feel like one day you'll understand me, dog
You can still love your man and be manly, dog
You ain't got to get heated at every house warmin'
Sittin' here, grillin' people like George Foreman
Why Uncle Ray and Aunt Shiela always performin'?
The second she storm out then he storm in
Y'all gon' sit down, have a good time this reunion
And drink some wine like Communion
And act like everything fine and if it isn't
We ain't letting everybody in our family business, uh
(All all all the diamond rings diamond rings)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
(All all that glitters is not gold, now gold is not reality)
They don't mean a thing a thing
(All, all, all the things)
They don't mean a thing a thing a thing
I don't care what they don't mean a thing
(All, all, all the things) all these fancy things
I tell you that all is my weight and gold
All I know, I know all these things
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things
CLK Mercedes Benz
All these things, all these things ...
All these things, all these things ...
All these things, all these things ...
A whole lotta money
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things
Mommy and Daddy, will you please stop fighting?
All these things, all these things
All these things, (and I don't care why) all these things
All these things, all these things
All these things, all these things...
Let's get Stevie outta jail
You just popped in the Kanye West
Get Right for the Summer workout tape
And ladies if you follow these instructions exactly
You might be able to pull you a rapper, a NBA player
Man, at least a dude with a car
So, first of all, we gonna work on the stomach
Nobody wants a little tight ass
1, and 2, and 3, and 4, and get them sit ups right, and
Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
Give head, stop, breathe, get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited
Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
(AH!) What's scary to me is
Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night I came, I came, I came
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothing to talk about
Unless she's talking about freaking out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out, work it out
Work it out, work it out now
Maybe we can work it out
Oh, girl, your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set, Twista said "Get It Wet"
Ooh girl your breath is harsh!
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS
Off them tracks yea I bought them cars
Still, kill a nigga on 16 bars
We ain't sweating to the oldies, we juking to a cold beat
Maybe one day girl we can bone
So you can brag to all your homies now
But I still mess with a big girl, if you ain't fit girl, I'll still hit girl
1 and, you brought 2 friends, ok, 3 more now hop in the Benz
4-door: do you know the difference between a 5, 6, 7, 8?
All the mocha lattes, you gotta do Pilates
You gotta pop this tape in before you start back dating
Hustlers, gangstas, all us ballas
It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothing to talk about
Unless she's talking about freaking out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out, work it out
Work it out, work it out now
Maybe we can work it out
Hi, my name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to Kanye's workout plan. I was able to pull a NBA player. And like now I shop every day on Rodeo Drive. I just want to say, thank you Kanye! Woooo! Woooo! Woooo!
My name is Lasandra, and I just want to say that ever since listening to Kanye's workout tape, I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's put up in my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to Cancun. And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck with Ray-Ray's broke ass no mo'
Work it (mo')
Juke it (mo') Pump it (mo')
Chi-Town (mo') Let's go (mo')
My name is Ella-May from Mobile, Alabama, and I just want to say since listening to Kanye's workout tape, I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide, and I rode a plane, rode a plane, rode a plane
Thanks to Kanye's workout plan
I'm the envy of all my friends
See I pulled me a baller man
And I ain't gotta work at the mall again

(Lemme break ya wit' a piece of)
My favorite work out plan (oh! oh! oh!)
I wanna see you work out
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I wanna see you work out
(It's like that old Michael Jackson shit)
That's right, put in work, move your ass, go berserk
Eat your salad, no dessert, get that man you deserve
It's Kanye's workout plan
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (Ladies and gentlemen)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Allow myself to introduce myself)
His workout plan (This time around, I want y'all to clap like this)
That's right, put in work
Move your ass, go berserk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve (Stop!)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Okay, breathe)
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired)
It's Kanye's workout plan (But I hope not 'cuz on this one I need ya)
His workout plan (To give me a soul clap, okay?)
(Double time)

That's right, put in work (Woo!)
Move your ass, go berserk (Ow!)
Eat your salad, no dessert (Ugh!)
Get that man you deserve
That's right, put in work (Put in work)
Move your ass, go berserk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (No dessert)
Get that man you deserve (You hear, ugh)
That's right, put in work (That's right put in work)
Move your ass, go berserk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (Eat your salad, no dessert)
Get that man you deserve (Woo!)

(Okay, okay, okay, that's very good good)
(I appreciate your time)
I want to see you work out for me
Whoa, yeah, whoa yeah
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do, yo

(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)
I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine
I'm finna take y'all back to them better times
I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind
I was three years old when you and I moved to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that, mommy, can't you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
'Cause a nigga cheatin', telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy I'ma love you 'til you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more
And I'ma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
See you're unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that's makin' loot
A livin' legend too, just look at what heaven do
Send us an angel, and I thank you (Hey Mama)
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)
Forrest Gump mama said, "Life is like a box of chocolates"
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate
Somethin to fall back on, you could profit with
But still supported me when I did the opposite
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you
You was getting through, can the choir, please
Give me a verse of "You Are So Beautiful To Me"
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry
Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy
Come on mommy just dance wit' me, let the whole world see your dancing feet
Now when I say Hey, y'all say, Mama, now everybody answer me (Hey Mama)
(Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin' back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me
(Hey Mama)
I guess it also depends though if my ends low
Second, they get up you gon get that Benzo
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know (Hey Mama)
Tell your job you gotta fake em out
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out
To a restaurant, upper echelon
I'ma get you a Jag, whatever else you want
Just tell me what kind of S-Type Donda West like?
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday
For me to just call and say: (Hey Mama)
I wanna scream so loud for you, 'cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do
(Hey Mama)
You know I love you so
I never let you go
Wrote this song just so you know
No matter where you go our love is true
Mama mama mama mama mama...
Mama mama mama mama mama...
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down

Yo, first I snatched the streets, then I snatched the charts
First I had they ear, now I have they heart
Rappers came and went, I've been here from the start
I seen them put it together, watched them take it apart
Seen the Rovers roll up with ribbons
I seen them re-po'd, re-sold, then re-driven
So when I reload, he holds number one position
When you hot, I'm hot
And when your feet cold, mines is sizzling
It's plain to see, niggas can't fuck with me
'cause I'ma be that nigga for life
This is not an image, this is God-given
This is hard-livin', mixed with Cristal sippin'
It's the most consistent, Hov
Give you the most hits you can fit inside a whole disc and
Nigga I'm home on these charts, y'all niggas visitin'
It's Hov tradition, Jeff Gordon of rap
I'm back to claim pole position, holla at ya boy
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up

I get down for my grandfather who took my mama
Made her sit in that seat where white folks ain't want us to eat
At the tender age of 6, she was arrested for the sit-ins
And with that in my blood I was born to be different
Now niggas can't make it to ballots to choose leadership
But we can make it to Jacob's and to the dealership
That's why I hear new music and I just don't be feelin' it
Racism's still alive, they just be concealin' it
But I know they don't want me in the damn club
They even made me show ID to get inside of Sam's Club
I done did dirt and went to church to get my hands scrubbed
Swear I've been baptized 'least three or four times
But in the land where niggas praise Yukons and getting paid
It's gonna take a lot more than coupons to get us saved
Like it take a lot more than doo rags to get you waves
Nothing sad as that day my girl's father passed away
So I promised to Mr. Rainey I'm gonna marry your daughter
And you know I gotta thank you for the way that she was brought up
And I know that you were smiling when you see the car I bought her
You sent tears from heaven when you seen my car get balled up
But I can't complain what the accident did to my left eye
'Cause look what an accident did to Left Eye
First Aaliyah now Romeo must die
I know I got angels watching me from the other side
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I've found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down
Get up, I get down, get up, I get down

We are all here for a reason on a particular path
You don't need a curriculum to know that you're a part of the math
Cats think I'm delirious but I'm so damn serious
That's why I expose my soul to the globe; the world
I'm trying to make it better for these little boys and girls
I'm not just another individual
My spirit is a part of this that's why I get spiritual
But I get my hymns from Him
So it's not me, it's He that's lyrical
I'm not a miracle, I'm a heaven-sent instrument
My rhythmatic regiment navigates melodic notes
For your soul and your mental
That's why I'm instrumental, vibrations is what I'm into
Yeah I need my loot by rent day
But that ain't what gives me the heart of Kunta Kinte
I'm trying to get us "us free" like Cinque
I can't stop, that's why I'm hot
Determination, dedication, motivation
I'm talking to you of my many inspirations
When I say I can't let you or self-down
If I were on the highest cliff, on the highest riff
And if you slipped off the side and clinched on to your life
In my grip, I would never ever let you down
And when these words are found
Let it be known that God's penmanship has been signed
With a language called love
That's why my breath is felt by the deaf
And while my words are heard and confined to the ears of the blind
I too dream in color and in rhyme
So I guess I'm one of a kind in a full house
'Cause whenever I open my heart, my soul or my mouth
A touch of God reigns out
Take 'em to church
When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I found, one thing I found
Oh no, you'll never let me down
Get up, I get, get up, I get
Get up, I get, get up, I get
Get up, I get, get up, I get down

Who else you know been hot this long?
(Oh yeah, we ain't finished)
Started from nothing but he got this strong
(The Roc is in the building)
Built the Roc from a pebble, peddled rock before I met you
Pedaled bikes, got my nephews pedal bikes because they special (Wooooo)
Let you tell it, man, I'm falling
Well, somebody must have caught him
'Cause every fourth quarter, I like to Mike Jordan them
Number one albums, what I got? Like four of them
More of them on the way, the eighth wonder on the way
Clear the way, I'm here to stay
Y'all can save the chitter chat, this and that
This is Jay, dissing Jay will get you maced
When I start spitting them lyrics niggas get very religious
Six Hail Marys, 'Please Father forgive us'
Young the archbishop, the Pope John Paul of y'all niggas
The way y'all all follow Jigga
Hov's a living legend and I'll tell you why
Everybody wanna be Hov and Hov's still alive

Now beat that!
And your mother's saying "Go to college"
So you finish college and it's wonderful
You feel so good
And after all the partying and craziness
And don't forget about that drug habit you picked up at school being around your peers
Hey!
Now you'll get that 25-thousand dollar job a year
And you'll spend all your money on crack cocaine
But, it'll be YOUR money
No more borrowing from mom for my high!
So now you get your degree tattooed on your back
Cause you're so excited about it
If you continue to work at the Gap, after several interviews, oh my God
You'll come in at a entry-level position
And when you do that
If you kiss enough ass
You'll move up to the next level
Which is being the secretary's secretary
And boy is that great
You get to take messages for the secretary
Who NEVER went to college
She's actually the boss's niece!
So now you're part of the family
You know what college does for you?
It makes you really smart, man
All you kids wanted to talk in the back of the class
Not me, I listened
Okay?
I was a hall monitor
This was meant to be
You know how many classes I took?
Extra classes, extra classes
No, I've never had sex
But you know what?
My degree keeps me satisfied
When a lady walks up to me and says
"Hey, you know what's sexy?"
No, I don't know what it is
But I bet I can add up all the change in your purse
Very fast

School spirit, motherfucker
Alpha, step, Omega, step
Kappa, step, Sigma, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
AKA, step, Delta, step
S.G. Rho, step, Zeta, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
I'ma get on this TV, mama
I'ma, I'ma put shit down
I'ma make sure these light-skinned niggas
Never, ever, never come back in style
Told 'em I finished school and I started my own business
They say, "Oh you graduated?" No, I decided I was finished
Chasing y'all dreams and what you've got planned
Now I spit it so hot, you got tanned
Back to school and I hate it there, I hate it there
Everything I want, I gotta wait a year, I wait a year
This nigga graduated at the top of our class
I went to Cheesecake, he was a motherfucking waiter there
Alpha, step, Omega, step
Kappa, step, Sigma, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
AKA, step, Delta, step
S.G. Rho, step, Zeta, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
I got a Jones like Norah for your soror
Bring more of them girls, I've seen in The Aurora
Tammy, Becky, and Laura, or a Shirley
I'm trying to hit it early, like I'm in a hurry
See, that's how dude became the young Pootie Tang: "tippy tow"
Roc-A-Fella chain, yeah that's my rapper style
Rosary piece, yeah that's my Catholic style
Red and white Ones, yeah that's my Kappa style
And I ain't even pledge
Crack my head on the steering wheel and I ain't even dead
If I could go through all that and still be breathing
Bitch, bend over, I'm here for a reason
Alpha, step, Omega, step
Kappa, step, Sigma, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
AKA, step, Delta, step
S.G. Rho, step, Zeta, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Ooh, hecky nah, that boy is raw
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
(WOO!)
There it was
I feel some woos coming on, cuz
A couple woos coming on, cuz
(WOO! WOO!)
There they was
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
I feel a woo coming on, cuz
(WOO!)
There it was
A couple woos coming on, cuz
A couple woos coming on, cuz
(WOO! WOO!)
There they was
You keep it going man
You keep those books rolling
You pick up all those books that you're gonna read and not remember
And you roll, man
You get that associate's degree, okay?
Then you get your bachelor's
Then you get your masters
Then you get your masters' masters
Then you get your doctorate
You go man!
And then when everyone says quit
You show them those degrees, man
When everyone says "Hey, you're not working, you're not making any money"
You say "You look at my degrees, and you look at my life
Yeah, I'm 52! So what?
Hate all you want, but I'm smart, I'm so smart
And I'm in school
All these guys out here making money all these ways
And I'm spending mine to be smart!
You know why?
Cause when I die buddy
You know what's gonna keep me warm?
That's right, those degrees."
Yo this is Dirt McGirt
I'm chilling with Kanye West
He's killing y'all niggas on the beats
He's killing y'all niggas on the tracks
Where your plaques at, dog?
The game is officially over
Go kill yourself

Now take that and equipment back to the store
We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more
Do anybody else make hits anymore
Guess not mothafucka, it's the Roc mothafucka

Now y'all gon' stop talking that shit that you talking
Your broke-ass mamma couldn't afford that abortion
Now tell me how the hell she gon' afford that coffin
Now I done sat back and seen it all too often
The backbone of this like Marino to the Dolphins
Most hits out the Chi since Sosa and Andre Dawson
My niggas had Pro Tools, I had no tools
Karaoke machine, fuck it I'm old school
Only difference is my tracks drove niggas postal
So I drove costal while they stay local
How I can't rhyme when my freestyles'll roast you
Sit down I'll coach you while we style in posters, dog
Niggas had a chance to sign me, dropped the ball
I'll see you at the awards
Now after all that it took, I made it to The Roc
I guess I ain't as dumb as you look

Now take that and equipment back to the store
We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more
Do anybody else make hits anymore
Guess not mothafucka, it's the Roc mothafucka
Now take that and equipment back to the store
We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more
Do anybody else make hits anymore
Guess not mothafucka, it's the Roc mothafucka

Now I showed you how to do this, dog
Put a few beats on the tape, I saved this one for myself
I heard you niggas' tapes, need a little bit of help
But I'm rapping and I can't do nothing for you man
Ask G and Hop this, 40 grand if you ain't fam
I mean, if you ain't Hov, if you ain't Cam
Damn I know you say he's killing hisself
He got a little bitty deal now he feeling hisself
Yup just cause I played beats and act hospitable
Don't mean I can't get you changed to hospital you
I'm from a raw family, dog, and I'll spit on you
So play like a kid in the garden and get little you
Who your hype man? I'm curious
It got you souped up like the cars on The Fast & Furious
Here go a new movie for you critics called "Who's Laughing?"
The first producer that rap better than the rappers

Now take that and equipment back to the store
We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more
Do anybody else make hits anymore
Guess not mothafucka, it's the Roc mothafucka
Now take that and equipment back to the store
We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more
Do anybody else make hits anymore
Guess not mothafucka, it's the Roc mothafucka

Aftermath still making them hits, nigga
Lunatics still making them hits, nigga
So So Def still making them hits, nigga
Bad Boy still making them hits, nigga
Wu-Tang still making them hits, nigga
Ruff Ryders still making them hits, nigga
Cash Money still making them hits, nigga
Dirt McGirt still making them hits, nigga
Yo, the game is over, go kill yourself!
Go kill yourself, nigga!
We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more

This next guest.. is my man
Bringing him back, its a pleasure to have him here
Please give it for my brother Kanye.. West
Uh.. Let me start by..
Thanking you know.. for allowing me to come back because this is one of the important days in the year to me... next to y'know Christmas, my mother's birthday and my birthday y'know
Now here goes the story...
My momma calls me and she says "Baby, I'm down in Miami and they playin' your song all day long. You making a lot of money right now. So when you on the tour I know there's gonna be lot of girls out there tryna throw you their pussy"
(haha) I mean that's how my momma talks with me
She says "Baby, imma want you to put on three rubbers cause I don't want no girl out there fucking up our money

Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years
I know a nigga payin' child support for one of his kids
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV any given Sunday
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money
Should've got that insured, Geico for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla, "We want prenup! We want prenup!" (Yeah!)
It's somethin' that you need to have
‘Cause when she leave yo' ass, she gon' leave with half
Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years
And on the 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his!
Maaan! he killed that bitch, they gave him 25 years, 25 years
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah..

Hey Jimmy, where you going?
I don't know where I'm goin'
My Dad died, and uh, he left me his degrees
My mom would always say "Dad, why don't you work?"
But he just kept learning
All the other kids' parents were working and saving up money for school
And I was actually in school all while my dad was in school!
He was so greedy with degrees, he took my degree
And now I'm just glad he left me these
Because all the regular homeless people have newspaper, and look what I have
These are documented
My father left them to me
And I'm going to leave them to my kids
I'm going to learn too
I'm going to get super smart, so I, too, can die without money
But I'll be the smartest dead guy!
Who has that?
Aight, let's run it, let's run it
Yo fuck you, Kanye, first and foremost
For making me do this shit. Muh'fucker
Had to throw everybody out the motherfucking room
Cause they don't fucking
I'd like to propose a toast
I said toast motherfucker!

And I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall

The all around the world Digital Underground Pac
The Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer of the Roc
I take my chain, my 15 seconds of fame
And come back next year with the whole fucking game
Ain't nobody expect Kanye to end up on top
They expected that College Dropout to drop and then flop
Then maybe he stop savin' all the good beats for himself
Roc-A-Fella's only niggas that helped
My money was thinner than Sean Paul's goatee hair
Now Jean Paul Gaultier cologne fill the air, here
They say he bougie, he big-headed
Would you please stop talking about how my dick head is
Flow infectious, give me 10 seconds
I'll have a buzz bigger than insects in Texas
It's funny how wasn't nobody interested
'Til the night I almost killed myself in Lexus

Now I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall

Now was Kanye the most overlooked? Yes sir
Now is Kanye the most overbooked? Yes sir
Though the fans want the feeling of A Tribe Called Quest
But all they got left is this guy called West
That'll take Freeway, throw him on tracks with Mos Def
Call him Kwa-li or Kwe-li, I put him on songs with JAY-Z
I'm the Gap like Banana Republic and Old Navy, and oooh
It come out sweeter than old Sadie
Nice as Bun-B when I met him at the Source awards
Girl he had with him - ass coulda won the horse awards
And I was almost famous, now everybody love Kanye
I'm almost Raymond
Some say he arrogant, can y'all blame him?
It was straight embarrassing how y'all played him
Last year shoppin' my demo, I was tryin' to shine
Every motherfucker told me that I couldn't rhyme
Now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem
Or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams
I use it as my gas, so they say that I'm gassed
But without it I'd be last, so I ought to laugh
So I don't listen to the suits behind the desk no more
You niggas wear suits cause you can't dress no more
You can't say shit to Kanye West no more
I rocked 20,000 people, I was just on tour, nigga
I'm Kon, the Louis Vuitton Don
Bought my mom a purse, now she Louis Vuitton Mom
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards
I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
I went to the malls and I balled too hard
"Oh my god, is that a black card?"
I turned around and replied, "Why yes
But I prefer the term African American Express"
Brains, power, and muscle, like Dame, Puffy, and Russell
Your boy back on his hustle, you know what I've been up to
Killin y'all niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise-colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips

And I am
(Here's to the Roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them
(Here's to Roc-A-Fella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky and
(Here's to the Roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for my niggas
(Mr. Rockefeller)
So get your ass up off the wall
So this A&R over at Roc-A-Fella, named Hip Hop Picked the "Truth" beat for Beanie. And I was in the session with him. I had my demo with me. You know, like I always do. I play the songs, he's like "Who that spittin'?" I'm like "It's me." He's like "Oh, well okay."
Uhh, he started talkin' to me on the phone, going back and forth
Just askin' me to send him beats, and I'm thinking he's trying to get into managing producers, cause he had this other kid named Just Blaze he was messin' with
So won't you raise your glass won't you
So won't you raise your glass won't you
So won't you raise your glass won't you
So won't you raise your glass won't you
And um, he was friends with my mentor, No ID. And No ID told him, "Look, man, you wanna mess with Kanye you need to tell him that you like the way he rap"
No ID: "Yo, you wanna sign him, tell him you like how he rap"
I was all, I dunno if he was gassin' me or not but he's like he wanna manage me as a rapper AND a producer

I'm like oh shit. I was messin' with, uh, D-Dot also. People were like this, started talking about the ghost production but that's how I got in the game. If it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be here. So you know, after they picked that "Truth" beat I was figuring I was gonna do some more work but shit just wasn't poppin' off like that. I was stayin' in Chicago, I had my own apartment, I be doin' like, just beats for local acts just to try to keep the lights on, and then to go out and buy, get a Pelle Pelle off lay-away, get some Jordans or something or get a TechnoMarine, that's what we wore back then
I made this one beat where I sped up this Harold Melvin sample I played it for Hip over the phone, he's like, "Oh, yo that shit is crazy Jay might want it for this compilation album he doin', called The Dynasty. And at that time, like the drums really weren't soundin' right to me So I went and um, I was listening to Dre Chronic 2001 at that time. And really I just, like bit the drums off "Xxplosive" and put it like with a sped-up sample, and now it's kind of like my whole style, when it started, when he rapped on "This Can't Be Life."
And that was like, really the first beat of that kind that was on The Dynasty album. I could say that was the the resurgence of the soul sound You know, I got to come in and track the beat and at the time I was still with my other management. I really wanted to roll with Hip Hop cause I, I just needed some fresh air, you know what I'm sayin' cause I been there for a while. I appreciated what they did for me but, you know there's a time in every man's life where he gotta make a change. Try to move up to the next level. And that day I came and I tracked the beat and I got to meet JAY-Z and he said, "Oh you a real soulful dude."

And he, uh, played the song cause he already spit his verse by the time I got to the studio. You know how he do it, one take. And he said
"Tell me what you think of this." And I heard it, and I was thinking like, man, I really wanted more like of the simple type JAY-Z. I ain't want like the, the more introspective, complicated rhy- or the... in my personal opinion. So he asked me, "What you think of it?"
And I was like, "Man that shit tight," you know what I'm sayin', man what I'ma tell him? I was on the train, man, you know. So after that, I went back home. And man I'm, I'm just in Chicago, I'm trying to do my thing. You know, I got groups. I got acts I'm trying to get on, and like there wasn't nothin' really like poppin' off the way it should have been. One of my homies that was one of my artists, he got signed. But it was supposed to really go through my production company, but he ended up going straight with the company. So, like I'm just straight holdin' the phone, gettin' the bad news that dude was tryin' to leave my company. And I got evicted at the same time. So I went down and tracked the beats from him, I took that money, came back, packed all my shit up in a U-Haul, maybe about ten days before I had to actually get out so I ain't have to deal with the landlord cause he's a jerk. Me and my mother drove to...

...Newark, New Jersey. I hadn't even seen my apartment. I remember I pulled up...
...I unpacked all my shit. You know, we went to Ikea, I bought a bed, I put the bed together myself. I loaded up all my equipment, and the first beat I made was, uh, "Heart of the City." And Beans was still working on his album at that time, so I came up there to Baseline, it was Beans' birthday, matter of fact, and I played like seven beats. And, you know I guess he was in the zone, he already had the beats that he wanted, I had did "Nothing Like It" already at that time but then Jay walked in. I remember he had a Gucci bucket hat on. I remember it like, like it was yesterday. And Hip-hop said, "Yo play that one beat for him." And I played "Heart of the City." And really I made "Heart of the City," I really wanted to give that beat to DMX

And I played another beat, and I played another beat. And I remember that Gucci bucket, he took it and like put it over his face and made one of them faces like 'OOOOOOOOOOH.' Two days later I'm in Baseline and I seen Dame. Dame didn't know who I was and I was like, "Yo what's up I'm Kanye."

"You that kid that gave all them beats to Jay? Yo, this nigga got classics to your beats"
You know I ain't talkin' shit. I'm like "oh shit." And all this time I'm starstruck, man. I'm still thinking 'bout, you know I'm picturing these niggas on the show, The Streets is Watching, I'm lookin', these were superstars in my eyes. And they still are, you know. So, Jay came in and he spit all these songs like in one day, and in two days... I gotta bring up one thing, you know, come back to the story, the day I did the 'Can't be Life' beat on track, I remember Lenny S, he had some Louis Vuitton sneakers on, he think he fly. And Hip Hop was there, I think Ty-Ty, John Meneilly, a bunch of people. I didn't know all these people at the time they was in the room, and I said, "yo Jay I could rap." And I spit this rap that said, uh "I'm killin' y'all niggas on that lyrical shit. Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push miracle whips." And I saw his eyes light up when I said that line. But you know the rest, the rap was like real wack and shit, so that's all the response. He said, "Man that was tight."

That was it. You know, I ain't get no deal then, hehe. Okay, fast forward. So, Blueprint, "H to the Izzo," my first hit single. And I just took that proudly, built relationships with people. My relationship with Kweli I think was one of the best ones to ever happen to my career as a rapper. Because, you know, of course, later he allowed me to go on tour with him. Man, I appre-- I love him for that. And at this time, you know I didn't have a deal, I had songs, and I had relationships with all these A&R's, and they wanted beats from me, so they'd call me up, I'd play them some beats. "Gimme a beat that sound like JAY-Z." You know, they dick riders. Whatever. So I'll play them these post-Blueprint beats or whatever and then I'll play my shit. I'll be like, "yo but I rap too." Hey, I guess they was lookin' at me crazy cause you know, cause I ain't have a jersey on or whatever. Everybody out there listen here: I played them 'Jesus Walks' and they didn't sign me. You know what happened, it was some A&R's that fucked with me though, but then like the heads, it'd be somebody at the company that'll say, "Naw." Like, Dave Lighty fucked with me, my nigga Mel brought me to a bunch of labels. Jessica Rivera, man...

I'm not gonna say nothin' to mess my promotion up
Let's just say I didn't get my deal. The nigga that was behind me, I mean, he wasn't even a nigga, you know? The person who actually kicked everything off was Joe 3H from Capitol Records. He wanted to sign me really bad

Dame was like, "Yo you got a deal with Capitol? Okay man, just make sure it's not wack."

Then one day I just went ahead and played it, I wanted to play some songs, cause you know Cam was in the room, Young Guru, and Dame was in the room. So I played... actually it's a song that you'll never hear, but maybe I might use it. So, it's called 'Wow.'
"I go to Jacob with 25 thou, you go with 25 hundred, wow
I got 11 plaques on my walls right now
You got your first gold single, damn, nigga, wow."
Like the chorus went. Don't bite that chorus, I might still use it. So I play that song for him and he's like "oh shit"
"I ain't gonna front, it's kinda hot."
Like they still weren't looking at me like a rapper. And I'm sure Dame figured, 'Like man. If he do a whole album, if his raps is wack at least we can throw Cam on every song and save the album, you know. So uh Dame took me into the office, and he's like "yo man, B, B, you don't want a brick, you don't want a brick"
"You gotta be under an umbrella, you'll get rained on." I told Hip-hop and Hip-hop was all, "oh, word?" Actually, even with that, I was still about to take the deal with Capitol cause it was already on the table and cause of my relationship with 3H. That, you know, cause I told him I was gonna do it, and I'm a man of my word, I was gonna roll with what I said I was gonna do. Then, you know, I'm not gonna name no names, but people told me, "oh he's just a producer-rapper," and told 3H that told the heads of the Capitol, and right-- the day I'm talking about, I planned out everything I was gonna do. Man, I had picked out clothes, I already started booking studio sessions, I started arranging my album, thinking of marketing schemes, man I was ready to go. And they had Mel call me, they said, "yo... Capitol pulled on the deal"

And, you know I told them that Roc-A-Fella was interested and I don't know if they thought that was just something I was saying to gas them up to try to push the price up or whatever. I went up... I called G, I said, "man, you think we could still get that deal with Roc-A-Fella?"
So won't you raise your glass, won't you...
So won't you raise your glass, won't you...
So won't you raise your glass, won't you...
So won't you raise your glass, won't you...

Oh, ho-ho-ho!
I knew I was gon' see, I knew I was gon' see you again! Knew I was gon' see you again!
Where your goddamn book bag at?
Always carryin' that lil' book bag, nobody wants to see that!
Goddamn 4th grader, sit your ass down!
He wanna play it again like he got somethin' else to do
You ain't got somethin' else to do!
You ain't doin' nothin' wit' your life, notin' wit' your life!
You think this is?
You better look at me when I'm talkin' to you!
You think this shit easy, don't you?
You think this is promised!
Well ain't nothin' promised to you!
Look at my face, do I got a promised face?
Does it look like I promised you anything?
Kanye, nigga-is you snorin' in my class?
Wake up Mr. West!
Wake up Mr. West!
Wake up Mr. West - Mr. West - Mr. West...
Uh, yea, uh, yea, uh, yea

And I heard 'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
From the Chi, like Tim it's a harder way
So this is in the name of love like Robert say
Before you ask me to go get a job today
Can I at least get a raise of the minimum wage?
And I know that the government administer AIDS
So I guess we just pray like the minister say
Allāhu Akbar and throw in some hot cars
Things we see on the screen that's not ours
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far
Where I'm from the dope boys is the rock stars
But they can't cop cars without seeing cop cars
I guess they want us all behind bars - I know it

Uh, and I heard 'em say (Ooh), nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And I heard 'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today (Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today)
But we'll a find a way
And nothing last forever but be honest babe
It hurts but it may be the only way

They say people in your life are seasons
And anything that happen is for a reason
And niggas gun clapping and keep to squeezing
And Gran keep praying and keep believing
In Jesus, and one day that you see him
'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him
The devil is alive I feel him breathin
Claiming money is the key, so keep on dreamin
And put them lottery tickets just to tease us
My Aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down
So now my little cousin smokin' them cigarettes now
His job try to claim that he too niggerish now
Is it 'cause his skin blacker than licorice now?
I can't figure it out, I'm sick of it now

Uh, and I heard 'em say (Ooh), nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And I heard 'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today (Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today)
But we'll a find a way
And nothing last forever but be honest babe
It hurts, but it may be the only way

With every worthless word we get more far away
And nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And nothing lasts forever but be honest babe
It hurts but it may be the only way
Oohh, Oohh, Oohh, Oohh

Uh, yea, uh, yea, uh, yea

I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky

Back when they thought pink Polos would hurt the Roc
Before Cam got the shit to pop
The doors was closed
I felt like Bad Boy's street team: I couldn't work the locks
Now let's go, take 'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in that U-Haul van
Any pessimists, I ain't talk to them
Plus I ain't have no phone in my apart-a-ment
Let's take 'em back to the club
Least about an hour I stand on line
I just wanted to dance, I went to Jacob an hour
After I got my advance, I just wanted to shine
Jay favorite line: "Dawg, in due time!"
Now he look at me, like, "Damn, dawg! You where I am!"
A hip-hop legend
I think I died in that accident, ‘cause this must be Heaven

I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky

Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh
(Top of the world, baby, top top of the world!)
A-la-la-la-lah-la-lahhhhh
(Top of the world, baby, on top of the world!)
Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh
(Top of the world, baby, top top of the world!)
A-la-la-la-lah-la-lahhhhh
(Top of the world, baby, on top of the world!)

Back when Gucci was the shit to rock
Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop
I'd do anything to say I got it
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket
Before anybody wanted K. West beats
Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC
Dog, I was havin' nervous breakdowns
Like "Man, these niggas that much better than me?"
Baby, I'm goin' on an aeroplane
And I don't know if I'll be back again
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets
But when she came to kick it, things became different
Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on
Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long
I'm tryin' to right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song

I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky

Yes, yes, yes, guess who's on third?
Lupe steal like Lupin the 3rd
Here like ear 'til I'm beer on the curb
Peachfuzz buzz but beard on the verge
Let's slow it down like we're on the syrup
Bottle-shaped body like Mrs. Butterworth
But, before you say another word
I'm back on the block like I'm layin' on the street
I'm tryna stop lyin' like I'm Mumm-Ra
But I'm not lyin' when I'm layin' on the beat, en garde
Or touché, Lupe cool as the unthawed
But I still feel possessed as a gun charge
Come as correct as a porn star
In a fresh pair steps in my best foreign car
So, I represent the first
Now let me end my verse right where the horns are, like uh

I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky

We back at home, baby!
Sky high, I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
Sky, sky high! I’m, I’m sky high!
Yeah, keep it rollin'!
Yeah, uh, feels good to be home, baby!
Feels good to be home!

She take my money when I'm in need
Yeah, she's a triflin' friend indeed
Oh, she's a gold digger
Way over town that digs on me

(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

Cutie the bomb, met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton under her underarm
She said: "I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm
Far as girls, you got a flock
I can tell by your charm and your arm"
But I'm lookin' for the one, have you seen her?
My psychic told me she'll have a ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
And I gotta take all they bad asses to ShowBiz?
Okay, get your kids, but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in
We all went to din' and then I had to pay
If you fuckin' with this girl, then you better be paid
You know why? It take too much to touch her
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
My best friend said she used to fuck with Usher
I don't care what none of y'all say, I still love her

(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years
I know somebody payin' child support for one of his kids
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV any given Sunday
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money
Shoulda got that insured, Geico for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla, "We want prenup! We want prenup!" (Yeah!)
It's somethin' that you need to have
‘Cause when she leave yo' ass, she gon' leave with half
Eighteen years, eighteen years
And on the 18th birthday, he found out it wasn't his?

(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She give me money) Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
(When I'm in need) But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

Now, I ain't sayin' you a gold digger, you got needs
You don't want a dude to smoke, but he can't buy weed
You go out to eat, he can't pay, y'all can't leave
There's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up his sleeves
But while y'all washin', watch him
He gon' make it to a Benz out of that Datsun
He got that ambition, baby, look at his eyes
This week he moppin' floors, next week it's the fries
So stick by his side
I know there's dudes ballin', and yeah, that's nice
And they gonna keep callin' and tryin', but you stay right, girl
And when he get on, he'll leave yo' ass for a white girl

(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head, get down
(I gotta leave) Get down girl, go 'head

Let me hear that back

I brought you brothers here today to start our own fraternity
Broke Phi Broke, we ain't got it
Broke Phi Broke (we ain't got it)
No, we have no money
We are sharin' jeans
If I go outside, I got the only clothing on
How many cars do we own? (None!)
How many cars do we own? (None, sir!)
Should we let our woman go and be with the cat with the car?
(Yes, we will!)
Why? Because we can't afford gas. Say it with me!
(We can't afford no gas!)
Say it!
(We can't afford no gas!)
So we ain't drivin'!

Drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie

My homie Mali used to stay at 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they would leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
And walked around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away
Left him with a lil' somethin', sixteen, he was stuntin'
Al B. Sure! nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby
See back-back then-then, if you had a car
You was the Chi-Town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin, a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin' 'em all
With the girls a lot of flirtin' involved, but dog
Fuck all that flirtin' now I'm tryin' to get in some drawers
So put me on with these hoes, homie
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow, homie

Drive slow, homie
Drive slow
You never know, homie, about these hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie

What it do? I'm posted up in the parking lot, my trunk waving
The candy gloss is immaculate, it's simply amazing
Them elbows pokin' wide on that candy 'Lac
Trunk open, screens on, neons lit with fifth relaxed
I'm on a mission for dime-pieces and sexy ladies
Allow me to introduce you to my CL Mercedes
It's a star-studded event when I valet park
Open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark
You see them fours crawling? You see them screens falling?
The disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm ballin'
I'm leaning on the switch, sitting crooked in my slab
But I could still catch boppers if I drove a cab
A young Houston hardhitter all about the scrilla
Ridin' something candy-coated, crawling like a caterpillar
I'm tipping on them fours, I'm jamming on that Screw
I'm looking for them hoes, baby, what it do? Drive slow, homie

Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes
Drive slow, homie
If you're riding around the city with nowhere to go
Drive slow, homie
Live today, cause tomorrow, man, you never know
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie

My car's like the movie, my car's like the crib
I got more TVs in here than where I live
And that don't make no sense, but baby, I'm the shit
And everything I flip, you know it's something serious
I got the custom grill, I got the Brabus rims
I got the baller genetics, baby this evidence
You see a player flicking, and how you ain't convinced
That you should go on and kiss it, just a lil bit (just a lil bit)
I got my custom kicks, I got my Jesus chain
My canaries is gleamin' through my angel wings
They see me, hoes actin like they seen a king
With that mean lean, smoking on that finest Cali green
My woodgrain oak, I'm ridin on Vogues
My cylinder quiet, like tip-toes
I sold O's, and this I know
When you see them hoes, lil' homie, drive slow
(drive slow, drive slow)
Yeah
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie

Yeah
They say home is where the hate is, my dome is where fate is
I stroll where souls get lost like Vegas
Seen through the eyes of rebel glasses
Pray to God that my arms reach the masses
The young smoke grass in grassless jungles
Rubber band together in cashless bundles
We wear strugglin chains, divided only hustle remains
Makin sense of it we hustle for change
Revolution ain't a game it's another name, for life fightin
Someone to stay in they corner like Mike Tyson
Hypes fightin for hits to heighten they hell
Don't he know he could only get as high as he fell?
Show money becomes bail, relationships become jail
Children are unheld
I wish love was for sale, "Behold the Pale - Horse"
Got me trapped like R. Kel', I bail and it -

"Might not be such a bad idea if I never
Never went home again
I'm on my way home
I left three days ago, but no one seems to know I'm gone
Home is where the hatred is; home is filled with pain and it
Might not be such a bad idea if I never
Never went home again"

That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)

How we stop the Black Panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that? What Gil Scott was hearin'
When our heroes or heroines got hooked on heroin
Crack raised the murder rate in D.C. and Maryland
We invested in that, it's like we got Merrill lynched
And we been hangin' from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we, cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it
Sell it, the fiends cop it, nowadays they can't tell if
That's that good shit, we ain't sure man
Put the CD on your tongue, yeah that's pure man

That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)

From the place where the father's gone
The mothers is hardly home
And the Madigan's lock us up in the Audy Home
How the Mexicans say, we just tryin' to party holmes
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical
Arm & Hammer baking soda raised they own quota
Right when our soldiers, ran for the stove 'cause
'Cause, dreams of being Hova
Went from bein' a broke man to bein' a dopeman
To bein' the President, look there's hope man
This that inspiration for the Moes and the Folks man
Shorty come and see his momma straight overdosin'
And this is the soundtrack
This the type of music that you make when you 'round that—

Crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)

God, how could you let this happen?
(La la la la la la lah, la la la la la la lah)
(La la lah, la la lah)
(La la la la la la lah, la la la la la la lah)
(La la lah, la la lah)

Uh, that's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)
Uh, that's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music
(La la la la la la la lah, la la la la la lah)

Our Father, give us this day, our daily bread
Before the feds give us these days and take our daily bread
See I done did all this ol' bullshit
And to atone, I throw a lil' somethin' somethin' on the pulpit
We took that shit, measured it and then cooked that shit
And what we gave back was crack music
And now we ooze it through they nooks and crannies
So our mommas ain't got to be they cooks and nannies
And we gon' repo everything they ever took from granny
Now the former slaves trade hooks for Grammys
This dark diction has become America's addiction
Those who ain't even black use it
We gon' keep baggin' up this here crack music

I know it's past visiting hours
But can I please give her these flowers?
The doctor don't wanna take procedures
He claim her heart can't take the anaesthesia
It'll send her body into a seizure
That lil' thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beepin
Hey, chick, I'm at a loss for words
What do you say at this time? Remember when I was 9?
Tell her everything gon' be fine, but I be lyin'
Her family cryin', they want her to live, and she tryin'
I'm arguin' like what kind of doctor can we fly in
You know the best medicine go to people that's paid
If Magic Johnson got a cure for AIDS
And all the broke motherfuckers passed away
You telling me if my grandma's in the NBA
Right now she'd be okay? But since she
Was just a secretary, worked for the church for 35 years
Things 'sposed to stop right here
My grandfather tryin' to pull it together, he's strong
That's where I get my confidence from
I asked the nurse "Did you do the research?"
She asked me, "Can you sign some t-shirts?"
Bitch, is you smokin reefer?
You don't see that we hurt? But still–

I smile, when Rosie comes to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day (Seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to break

They outside of the emergency room, room
You can feel my heartbeat, beat, beat
If she gon' pull through, we gon' find out soon
But right now she asleep, sleep, sleep
My momma say they say she could pass away any day
Hey chick, what these doctors know anyway?
Let me see the X-rays, I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt
Cousin Kim took off of work
Plus my Aunt Shirley, Aunt Beverly, Aunt Clay and Aunt Jean
So many Aunties we could have an Auntie Team
Feel like Amerie, it's just "One Thing"
When they said that she made it you see they eyes gleam
I think we at a all-time high
To get there, we run, we fly, we drive
'Cause with my family we know where home is
And so instead of sending flowers, we the roses

I smile, when Rosie comes to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day (Seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to break

'Cause Rosie brings the sunshine (Oh)

I smile, when Rosie comes to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day (Seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to break
I, smile, when Rosie comes to see me
And I'm sad when Rosie goes away
'Cause Rosie brings the sunshine (Say)

Can't wait, I can't wait, no
Can't wait, I can't wait, no
Can't wait, I, can't wait
No, can't wait, for, for a sunny day
Momma can't wait, for the clouds to break
Mm mmm mm mm-mm mm-mm
Oh oh oh oh no no, say
Tellin' you the truth now
Said I can't wait, uh-uh
I won't wait, no

I always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
Way down, way down
One day, they'd tried to bring me down
Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
Way down, they'd try to bring me down

We gon' to Mass today, we have to pray
Besides what the pastor say, I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me
You see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, that's the way it is
Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids
But they gon' have to take my life 'fore they take my drive
'Cause when I was barely livin', that's what kept me alive
Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time
Make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind
And get some leeway on the "he say, she say"
Your girl don't like me, how long has she been gay?
Spanish girls say "Yo, no hablo inglés"
And everybody want to run to me for their sing-le
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dawg, if I was you, I wouldn't feel myself
Dawg, if I was you, I'd kill myself!
Made a mil' myself and I'm still myself
And I'mma look in the mirror if I need some help
Now I'll speak from the heart, y'all all frontin'
Everybody feel a way about K but at least y'all feel something!

What you calling?
I let all in for getting what some get will get ya
What kind of dream we found?
See, I'm often catching crosswinds
Forgetting where the hell I met you
And try to bring me down

I always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
Way down, way down
One day, they'd tried to bring me down
Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
Way down, they'd try to bring me down

You make me smile with my heart, ohh

Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But you make me smile

What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?
I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three
She's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us
She's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm her drugs
(You make me smile)
Just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious
She's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush
Time's of the essence, I need, you to be spontaneous
Roll up the doja, Henny and Co-Co-Coca-Cola
(You make me smile with my heart, ohh)
Then I'm co-coming over cause it's ne-never over

Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But you make me smile

I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show
We get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blown
So I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go
Then I'll get the lotion, and do somethin' to me, when your thighs is exposed (You make me smile)
There's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose
Not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose
I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed
Roll up the doja, Henny and Co-Co-Coca Cola
(You make me smile with my heart)
And I keep co-coming over cause it's ne-never over

Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But you make me smile
Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But you make me smile

I just wanted to ask you
Just wanted to um, let me, how would I put this uhh
Let's say all your friends, remember the one
You said if you ever she would be the one
Ok, ok, ok (You make me smile with my heart)
Well I was thinking, hypothetically
I mean don't take this seriously
Don't take me: I mean just, uhh, not credibly
I'm feeling incredibly, I mean let it be
I just let it be
I mean you, her and me (You make me smile with my heart)
I mean you, her and me
Maybe, baby, baby
You know I was just kidding
Unless you gon' do it (You make me smile)

We broke, broke broke phi broke
We ain't got it
Broke, broke, broke phi broke
We ain't got it
Don't spend no money, ain't got no clothes
Ain't got no cars, ain't got no hoes
We broke, broke, broke phi broke
We ain't got it
Broke, broke, broke phi broke
We ain't got it
Got no money (got no money)
We got no clothes (got no clothes)
Ain't got no cars (ain't got no cars)
Can't get no hoes
We broke, broke, broke, broke, broke
Buncha niggas broke, broke, broke, broke, broke!

You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up
And watch how we roll up, and
I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that 'gnac, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door, we smoke until the day's end
Puff-puff, then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotiq for Henny? Now, nigga, that's a chaser
Turn nothing to something, now, pimping, that's a savior
Best things are green, now, pimpin', get your paper
High off the ground, from stair to skyscraper
Cool out, thinking we local, c'mon, homie, we major

We major? C'mon, homie, we major
We major? C'mon, homie, we major
We major! C'mon, homie, we major
We major! C'mon

Feeling better than some head on a Sunday afternoon
Better than a chick that say "Yes" too soon
Until you have a daughter; that's what I call karma
And you pray to God she don't grow breasts too soon
Projects tore up, gang signs is thrown up
Niggas hats broke off, that's how we grow up
Why else you think shorties write rhymes? Just to blow up?
Get they first car and then, IRS show up
He ain't never had shit, but he had that nine
Nigga come through flicking and he had that shine
Put two and two together and a little bad weather
Gon' be your whole family on that funeral line
Asked the reverend, "Was the strip clubs cool?
If my tips helped send a pretty girl through school?"
That's all I want, like winos want they good whiskey
I ain't in the Klan, but I brought my hood with me

You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up
And watch how we roll up, and
I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that 'gnac, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door, we smoke until the day's end
Puff puff, then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotiq for Henny? Now, nigga, that's a chaser
Turn nothing to something, now, pimping, that's a savior
Best things are green, now, pimpin', get your paper
High off the ground, from stair to skyscraper
Cool out, thinking we local, c'mon, homie, we major

We major? C'mon, homie, we major
We major? C'mon, homie, we major
We major! C'mon, homie, we major
We major! C'mon, homie, we major

I heard the beat and I ain't know what to write
First line—should it be about the hoes or the ice?
Four-fours or Black Christ? Both flows'd be nice
Rap about big paper or the black man plight
At the studio console, asked my man to the right
"What this verse sound like? Should I freestyle or write?
He said, "Nas, what the fans want is Illmatic, still"
Looked at the pad and pencil, and jotted what I feel
Been like twelve years since a nigga first signed
Now, I'm a free agent, and I'm thinking it's time
To build my very own Motown
'Cause rappers be deprived of executive nine-to-fives
And it hurts to see these companies be stealing the life
And I love to give my blood, sweat and tears to the mic
So y'all copped the LPs and y'all fiends got dealt
I'm Jesse Jackson on the balcony when King got killed
I survived the livest niggas around
Lasted longer than more than half of you clowns
Look, I used to cook before I had the game took
Either way, my change came like Sam Cooke

Ba-dop-ba-ba (Yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah)
Feeling better than I ever felt before today
Like better late than never; it's orientation
Still, we can make it better, throwing all your cares away
Oh, oh, oh, ooh!

You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up
And watch how we roll up, and (Ba-dop-ba-ba)
I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that 'gnac, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door, we smoke until the day's end
Puff-puff, then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotiq for Henny? Now, nigga, that's a chaser (Oh, oh, oh, ooh!)
Turn nothing to something, now, pimping, that's a savior (Ba-dop-ba-ba)
Best things are green, now, pimpin', get your paper
High off the ground, from stair to skyscraper
Cool out, thinking we local, c'mon, homie, we major

We major? (C'mon, homie, we major)
We major? (C'mon, homie, we major)
We major (C'mon, homie, we major)
We major

Oh, oh, oh, ooh! Ba-dop-ba-ba
Feeling better than I ever felt before today
But better late than never; it's orientation
Still, we can make it better, throwing all your cares away
Oh, oh, oh, ooh!

Can I talk my shit again?
Can I talk my shit again?
I can't believe I'm back up in this motherfucker
I'ma be late, though
I gotta figure out what I'm finna wear
Yeah
The Roc is definitely in the building
G.O.O.D. Music's definitely in the building, ugh
I gotta say "What's up" to Tony Williams
On the vocals!
Sings—He sings quite beautifully, don't you agree?
Don't you agree?
Ugh
And Jon Brion on the keys right now
And Warryn Campbell on the keys right now
So they asked me:
"Why you call it Late Registration, 'Ye?"
'Cause we takin these motherfuckers back to school
La, la, la, la-la-la-la la
If you know this part right here, feel free to sing along
La la la la la, la-la-la

Ba-dop-bop-ba (Oh)
Feeling better than I ever felt before today (If you feeling good)
But better late than never; it's orientation (It's orientation)
But we can make it better, throwing all your cares away
We want you to get used to this
Oh, oh, oh, ooh! Ba-dop-bop-ba
Ugh, they can't do what we do, baby
Uh-uh! They can't do what we do baby
Uh-uh! They can't do what we do, baby
Yeah
Oh, oh, oh, ooh!

This was founded years ago
By broke slaves, years ago
Who did not have, years ago
By broke brothas in the 20s, years ago
Who did not have when we could not eat
Hmm, remember that?
Eating all of our cereal with forks because we wanted to save the milk, do you remember that? Hmm?
Do you remember all those Christmases when your mama walked in the room and pretended she was the tree, huh?
Remember that?
Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
Why you actin' all... shy and all?
Why is y'all... lyin' for?
"I never did this before..." Stop that
What, you want some Patron? I got that
I mean I promise y'all, you fine and all
And your girlfriend, she kinda raw
But she not like you
No, she not like you
Right now I need you to mute all the monologue
All that talking is gon' give me a Tylenol
You put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of y'all
Right now the Louis Vuitton don is signing off
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris' and some Mo'
And we about to let it floooooow, oh, oh
Had some problems before
But see we let em go
Got an ounce of that 'dro
And we about to let it bloooooow, oh, oh
Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
See you know my style, I'm very wild
And I vow that my child will be well endowed
Like his daddy
And tell him that your mama had a fattie
He looked up at me
Said, "Daddy, that's the reason why you had me?"
Yep, we was practicing
'Til one day your ass bust through the packaging
You know what though? You my favorite accident
So go head pop some Cristal for my newborn child
'Cause now y'all know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris' and some Mo'
And we about to let it floooooow, oh, oh
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that 'dro
And we about to let it bloooooow, oh
Oh, oh!
We lookin' for some hoes, hoes!
Ow!
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi-
I've called this private meeting today because there is a imposter among us
There is an imposter among us
This brother right here has been out making beats on the side, yes he has
Pretending he's broke walking amongst us
This brother has been eating every day, can you believe that? Eating every day
Pretending he's with us, he's not one of us
I did not want to believe this, but I walked into the brother Kanye's closet and I found new shoes
I found new shoes!
Kanye, would you like to step forward and explain these new shoes?!
I was-you crazy, I wasn't, I didn't, um, I was just um, I was-
No, you speak up, brother!
I was gon' stick-I'm tryin' to stick to my roots and-
What?
I wanna stick to my roots, and-
What?! You march your new shoes out of here, Kanye. Don't you ever come back in 'em. Don't you ever come back smellin' all good, taking showers and shit like that, alright? We don't appreciate that down here at Broke Phi Broke
What's next?
Wished I had told ooh was (the) only one (uh oh!)
But it's too late
It's too late
He's gone

You sweat her, and I ain't talkin 'bout a Coogi
You a big L, and I ain't talkin 'bout Cool J
See me at the airport, at least twenty Louis
Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay
(Brother Numpsay!) Groupies say I'm too choosy
Take 'em to the show and talk all through the movies
Say she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays
If we up in Fridays, I still have it my way, gone!

Gone (We striving home)
Gone (I ride on chrome)
It's too late

Y'all don't want no prob' from me
What you rappers could get is a job from me
Maybe you could be my intern, and in turn
I'll show you how I cook up summer in the winter
Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn
Caught something on the Usher tour, he had to let it burn
Plus, he already got three chil'r'n
Arguin' over babysitters like, "Bitch, it's your turn"
"Damn, Ye, it'd be stupid to diss you
Even your superficial raps is super-official"
R-R-R-Roc Pastelle with Gucci on
With TVs in the ride, throw a movie on
Said he couldn't rap, now he at the top with Doobie Long
'Cause I dookied on any song that they threw me on, gone

We striving home, gone
I ride on chrome
We striving home
We striving home, gone (Killa)
I ride on chrome

Knock knock, who's there? Killa Cam, Killa who?
Killa Cam, hustler, grinder, guerilla troop
Oh my chinchilla blue, blue you ever dealt with a dealer
Well here's the deal, ma we going to the dealer woo
No concealing, no ceiling I don't need a roof
Act up, get out, I don't need you, poof!
Poof, be gone, damn, tough luck, dag (Dag)
Niggas still doing puff-puff-pass (Puff, pass)
Pull the truck up fast and I tell 'em
Hey, back in a touched-up Jag, shit
Y'all niggas wanna get in Cam's cerebellum
An old man just gon' tell em too late
Then I see how y'all gonna react when I'm gone
My last girl want me back then I'm on
Fine, stay, you got the grind, hey
Came back, read what the sign say (He's gone)
Yes I know you wanna see my demise
Yeah you church boy, acting like a thief in disguise
Ain’t even my size, see the greed in my eyes
Ask Abby, I hustle, brought weed to the Chi, chyeah
And that ain't even a lie, please believe me
Gave Weezie a piece of the pie and
You can ask George or Regina
The whole West Side I explore with the Bimmer now

We striving home
I ride on chrome
Listen, homeboy, move on
That's your best bet, why's that, Cons'?

I been pouring out some liquor for the fact that my pal's gone
And trying to help his Momma with the fact that her child gone
And since we used to bubble like a tub full of Calgon
Guess it's only right that I should help her from now on
But since they got afoul on what could've gone wrong
Now they asking Cons, how long has this gone on
And maybe all this money might have gone to my head
'Cause they got me thinking money might have gone to the Feds
So I had gone to the dread, but he had gone up to bed
And when I came the next morning he was gone with my bread
And with that being said I had gone on my instincts
And gone to the spots where they go to get mixed drinks
But looking back now, I should've gone to the crib
And rented Gone With the Wind, 'cause I'da gone in by ten
But I had gone with my friend, and we had gone to the bar
And heard a nigga talking shit so I had gone to the car
And now the judge is telling me that I had gone too far
And now we gone for twenty years doing time behind bars
And since I gone to a cell for some petty crimes
I guess I gone to the well one too many times, 'cause I'm gone

Uh-uh-uh, uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn
Uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh

I'm ahead of my time, sometimes years out
So the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out
And that make me wanna get my advance out
And move to Oklahoma and just live at my aunt's house
Yeah, I romance the thought of leaving it all behind
Kanye step away from the lime
Light like when I was on the grind
In the 1-9-9-9
Before model chicks was bending over
Or dealerships asked me "Benz or Rover?"
Man, if I could just get one beat on Hova
We could get up off this cheap-ass sofa
What the summer of the Chi got to offer an eighteen-year-old?
Sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play your role
My dog worked at Taco Bell, hooked us up plural
Fired a week later, the manager count the churros
Sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirro'
How we out in Europe, spending Euros
They claim you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on
I'ma open up a store for aspiring MCs
Won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free
But if they ever flip sides like Anakin
You'll sell everything including the mannequin
They got a new bitch, now you Jennifer Aniston
Hold on I'll handle it, don't start panickin', stay calm
Shorties at the door 'cause they need more
Inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs
They said, "Sorry, Mr. West is gone"

Diamonds are forever
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might
Desert me

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived
'Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe
"Does he write his own rhymes?" Well, sort of, I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of
"Damn, is he really that caught up?"
I ask, if you talkin' about classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort
Or even a four-track recorder
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
Spoil yourself, that's important
If your stripper name "Porsche" and you get tips from many men
Then your fat friend, her nickname is "Minivan"
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't, because—

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him
Thirty minutes later seein' there's no convincin' him
What more could you ask for? The international asshole
Who complain about what he is owed?
And throw a tantrum like he is three years old
You gotta love it though: somebody still speaks from his soul
And wouldn't change by the change or the game or the fame
When he came in the game, he made his own lane
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
It's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say "Kayne"
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown
Back in the Chi, them Folks ain't from Moe Town
Life movin' too fast, I need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ass, you need to go down
My father been said I need Jesus
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my caesar
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then, my body got still like a paraplegic
You know who you call; you got a message, then leave it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic
Yeah, the beat cold, but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of
A&R's lookin' like, "Pssh, we messed up."
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle 'til we got messed up
In the studio with Really Doe, yeah, he next up
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question, dog: "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like "Amen"
R-r-r-r-right here stands a man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)

Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying
Stop all your blood clot cryin', I was flyin'
Made it to school with barely enough time to sign in
Yeah, I hear the alarm, yeah, I hear you, Mom
Yeah, yeah, I don't wan' be broke when I'm thirty-one
They said the best classes go to the fastest, sorry, Mr. West
There's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get
Not even electives? Not even prerequisites?
You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds?
Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin'
With all the rest of the motherfuckers underachievin'
Man, this is an insult
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow
If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Will I make it from the student loans to a Benzo?
Like old folks pissin', I guess it all depends, oh, oh
Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying (Stop your cryin', baby)
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying
You know when you be late you miss all the lights
That's right (that's right), that's right (that's right)
And when you get back she gon' start up a fight
That night (that night), that night
Baby, it's too late for that, lately I've been takin it slow
Try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close
With the freshest hoes, the professors know
We about to get real unprofessional
Like them Eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike?
Or two dykes that look Christina Milian-like?
Hmm, I'll be on time for that
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that
Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later?
"I'll be there in five minutes," go 'head, ride with it
I'm so live with it, look how I did it
Been bullshittin' but I finally arrived with it
I know it's late and I took all year but
You can stop complainin' 'cause I'm finally here, yeah
'Cause I'll erase away
'Cause I'll erase away
'Cause I'll erase away
'Cause I'll erase away
(A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
("Breaking up") We can make it better
("Breaking up") We can make it better
("Make It Up") We can make it

Somebody told me Deltas brown-skinned, AKAs light-skinned
And they supposed to be bougie, so they got white friends
First day of school, I'ma take you sight seein'
Show you what we do on weekends for excitement
She said, "I know what you about to say, like your hypeman"
Last year, a nigga hit her, and now she only date white men
And if a nigga even wave at her, it's frightenin', but

("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

The night fallin' over Brooklyn where they murder for change
The converter remains faithful to the drug dealer priestess
He in search of the word of fame, you heard of the name
Kweli the truth like I'm comin' out the mouths of babes
One foot in and one foot out the grave
Niggas want they reparations
Hw you calculate the amount to be paid?
You try to imagine America without the slaves (The slaves)

("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it (Good looks, Ye!)

Her tenement, yo, is rat infested
Her heart is like a gold bullion because she went and protested
'Cause her best friend's man got popped
He was sixteen years old, the cop thought his phone was a Glock
In the hood is an everyday happenin'
In front of the precinct, she chews out the captain
She yells out, "Why y'all do this to black men?" C'mon
Ugh

("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can, yeah)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

I think of eighty-seven ways to make better days
Whether crime or rhyme, I heard the rebel pays
On the scene, tryin' to get green like everglades
The music, ridin' it good like Escalades
In the ghetto infested by shade and drama
And niggas wit' thangs ain't afraid of karma
I'm thinkin' big like Lil Wayne and Tha Carters's that-

("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

C'mon, look
Tell people the truth, but never give 'em your true thoughts
Terrorism on blacks, they poison our Newports
Patriot Act in effect, make it hard to breathe now
Johnnie Cochran dead, who gonna get us "Us free" now?
Clinton ain't in office, who gon' give us shit free now?
Who gon' make it better for the thugs in the penal?
Who gon' make it good for old folks that's senile?
Oh, it's G.O.O.D. Music, yeah, dawg, I see now

We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it better (better we can)
("Breaking up") We can make it

Breaking up, it's so very hard
Breaking up, it's so very hard
Breaking up, it's so very hard
Breaking up

Uhh.. uhh
Uhh.. uhh

Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!

Wake up Mr. West, Mr. West
Mr. Fresh, Mister, by himself he's so impressed
I mean damn, did you even see the test?
You got D's, muthafucka D's, Rosie Perez
And yer ass barely passed any and every class
Looking at every ass, cheated on every test
I guess, this is my dissertation
Homie this shit is basic, welcome to Graduation

Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning!

Good morning, on this day we become legendary
Everything we dreamed of
I'm like the fly Malcolm X, buy any jeans necessary
Detroit Red cleaned up
From the streets to the league, from an eighth to a key
But you graduate when you make it up outta the streets
From the moments of pain, look how far we done came
Haters saying you changed, now you doing your thang

Good morning!
Good morning!
Good morning and—
Good morning!

Good morning and look at the valedictorian
Scared of the future while I hop in the DeLorean
Scared to face the world, complacent career student
Some people graduate, but be still stupid
They tell you read this, eat this, don't look around
Just peep this, preach this, teach us, Jesus
Okay look up now, they done stole yo' streetness
After all of that you received this

Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning!
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down

Get on down
Get— get on down
Get on down
Get— get on down

Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
Yes, I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little something, show you how we live
Everybody want it but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
You don't see just how wild the crowd is
You don't see just how fly my style is
I don't see why I need a stylist
When I shop so much I can speak Italian
I don't know, I just want it better for my kids
And I ain't sayin' we was from the projects
But every time I wanted layaway or a deposit
My dad'd say "when you see clothes, close your eyelids"
We was sort of like Will Smith and his son
In the movie, I ain't talkin' 'bout the rich ones
'Cause every summer he'd get some
Brand new harebrained scheme to get rich from
And I don't know what he did for dough
But he'd send me back to school with a new wardrobe, but ayy
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
I think he did
When he packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little something, show you how we live
Everything I wanted, man it seem so serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
When it feel like living's harder than dyin'
For me givin' up's way harder than tryin'
Lauryn Hill said her heart was in Zion
I wish her heart still was in rhymin'
'Cause who the kids gon' listen to, huh?
I guess me if it isn't you
Last week I paid a visit to the institute
They got the dropout keepin' kids in the school
I guess I cleaned up my act like Prince'd do
If not for pleasure, then at least for the principle
They got the CD, they got to see me
Drop gems like I dropped out of PE
They used to feel invisible
Now they know they invincible
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up, stand up, here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up, stand up, here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
Yes I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little something, show you how we live
Everybody want it, but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this... like this
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?
Work it, make it, do it, makes us
Harder, better, faster, stronger

N-Now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make us stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(More than ever, hour after hour
Work–)
(I need you right now!)

Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, ‘cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
‘Cause right now, thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit!
'Specially in my Pastellé, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel, homie, take six
And take this, haters!

N-Now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(More than ever, hour after hour
Work–)
(I need you right now!) Me likey!

I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
If God put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin', this drink got me saying a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment, right?
‘Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby, you're makin' it–
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)

N-Now th-that that don't kill me (Oh)
Can only make me stronger (Oh)
I need you to hurry up now (Oh)
‘Cause I can't wait much longer (Oh)
I know I got to be right now (Oh)
‘Cause I can't get much wronger (Oh)
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)

You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Baby, you're makin' it
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)

N-Now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
Right now!
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)

You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
Told ya, told ya
Never told ya…told ya, told ya, told ya
Never told ya…told ya, told ya, told ya
Never told ya…told ya, told ya, told ya
Never told ya…told ya, told ya, told ya
Never over…Never over… Never over… Never over…
Never over…Never over… Never over… Never over…
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after
Our work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after—
Our work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over

Find your dreams come true
And I wonder
If you know
What it means
What it means
And I wonder
If you know
What it means
What it means
And I wonder
If you know
What it means
To find your dreams, and I wonder

I've been waiting on this my whole life (And I wonder)
These dreams be waking me up at night (And I wonder)
You say I think I'm never wrong (And I wonder)
You know what? Maybe you're right aight?

And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams
And I wonder

You say he get on your fucking nerves (And I wonder)
You hope that he get what he deserves—word! (And I wonder)
Do you even remember what the issue is?
You just trying to find where the tissue is
You can still be who you wish you is
It ain't happen yet, and that's what intuition is (And I wonder)
When you hop back in the car
Drive back to the crib, run back to their arms
The smokescreens, the chokes and the screams
You ever wonder what it all really means?

And I wonder if you know what it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know what it means
To find your dreams, and I wonder

And I'm back on my grind
A psychic read my lifeline, told me in my lifetime
My name would help light up the Chicago skyline
And that's why I'm (And I wonder)
Seven o'clock, that's primetime
Heaven'll watch, God calling from the hotlines
Why he keep giving me hot lines?
I'm a star, how could I not shine? (And I wonder)
How many ladies in the house? (If you know)
How many ladies in the house without a spouse? (What it means)
Something in your blouse got me feeling so aroused (What it means)
What you about? (And I wonder)
On that independent shit (If you know)
Trade it all for a husband and some kids (What it means)
You ever wonder what it all really mean?
You wonder if you'll ever find your dreams?
To find your dreams come true

Like we always do at this time
I go for mine, I gots to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
I go go for mine, I gots to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
I'ma get on this TV momma, I'ma
I'ma put shit down
(Ayy) ayy (Ayy), ayy
(Ayy) ayy (Ayy), I'm good

Welcome to the good life, where niggas who sell D
Won't even get pulled over in they new V
The good life, let's go on a living spree
Shit, they say the best things in life are free
The good life, it feel like Atlanta
It feel like L.A., it feel like Miami
It feel like NY, summertime Chi
Ah! (Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
So I roll through good
Y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood, Ferrari
And she got the goods
And she got that ass, I got to look, sorry!
Yo, it's got to be 'cause I'm seasoned
Haters give me them salty looks, Lawry's
50 told me, "Go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up"
The good life

Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
(I'ma get on this TV momma, I'ma)
(I'ma put shit down)
Ayy (Ayy), ayy (Ayy)
Ayy (Ayy), ayy (I'm good)

Welcome to the good life!
Where we like the girls who ain't on TV
'Cause they got mo' (Ass than the models)
The good life, so keep it comin' with the bottles
'Cause she feel booze like she bombed at Apollo
The good life, it feel like Houston
It feel like Philly, it feel like D.C
It feel like VA or the Bay or Yay
Ayy, this is the good life (Welcome to the good life)
Homie, tell me what's good
Why I only got a problem when you in the hood (Welcome to the good life)
Like I'm new in the hood
The only thing I wish, I wish a nigga would (Welcome to the good life!)
He probably think he could
But, but, I don't think he should (Welcome to the good life)
50 told me, "Go 'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate and watch the money pile up"
The good life

Now I, I go for mine, I gots to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
Now I, I go for mine, I gots to shine
(Now throw yo' hands up in the sky)
I'ma get on the TV momma, I'ma
I'ma put shit down
(Ayy) ayy (Ayy), ayy
(Ayy) ayy (Ayy), I'm good

Have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin' some brain
Whipped it out, she said "I never seen Snakes on a Plane"
Whether you broke or rich you gotta get this
Havin' money's not everything, not havin' it is
I was splurgin' on Tryst, but when I get my card back
Activated, I'm back to Vegas
'Cause (The good life) I always had a passion for flashin'
Befo' I had it, I closed my eyes and imagined the good life

Better than the life I lived
When I thought that I was gonna go crazy
And now my grandmomma
Ain't the only girl callin' me "baby"
If you feelin' me now
Then put yo hands up in the sky, and let me hear you say
Hey, hey, ooh I'm good!

It's what you all been waiting for, ain't it?
What people pay paper for, damn it
They can't stand it, they want something new
So let's get reacquainted, became the hood favorite
I can't even explain it, I surprise myself too

Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on
Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum
And here's another hit, Barry Bonds

We outta here, baby! We outta here, baby!
We outta here, baby!

Dude! Fresh off the plane—Konnichiwa, bitches
Turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
Ask for it, I did it—that asshole done did it
Talked it, then he lived it, spit it, then he shit it
I don't need writērs, I might bounce ideas
But only I could come up with some shit like this
I done played the underdog my whole career
I've been a very good sport, haven't I, this year?
They say, "He goin' crazy and we seen this before"
But I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
And I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
Nigga, please, how you gon' say I ain't no Lo-head?
'Cause my Dior got me more model head?
I'm insulted, you should go 'head
And bow so hard 'til your knees hit your forehead
And the flow just hit code red
Top five MCs, you ain't gotta remind me
Top five MCs, you gotta rewind me
I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me
But my head's so big, you can't sit behind me

Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on
Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum
And here's another hit, Barry Bonds

Yeah, yeah, we outta here, baby!
What? What? We outta here, baby!
Ayy, Mr. West, we so outta here, baby!
And me? I'm Mr. Weezy Baby, yeah!

I'm so bright, not shady
My teeth and my ice so white like Shady
Ice in my teeth so refrigerated
I'm so fuckin' good like I'm sleepin' with Meagan (Ha!)
I'm all about my Franklins, Lincolns, and Reagans
Whenever they make them, I shall hayve them
Oops, I meant "have them"—I'm so crazy
But if you play crazy, you be sleeping with daisies
I'm such a hayvoc—oops, I meant "havoc"
And my drink's still pinker than the Easter rabbit
And I'm still col' like Keyshia's family
Stove on my waist turn beef to patties (Bow!)
And I ate it 'cause I'm so avid (No homo)
And I don't front and I don't go backwards
And I don't practice, and I don't lack shit
And you can get buried—suck my bat, bitch (ha!)

We outta here, baby!
We outta here, baby!
We outta here, baby!
Swag at a hundred and climbin', baby, yeah!

Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on
Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum
And here's another hit, Barry Bonds

La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da
Blap!

We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls

Driving around town looking for the best spot
For the drunk and hot girls
Up in the club look at here what we got
Some drunk and hot girls
Stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me
Stop talking 'bout your boyfriend since he is not me
Stop running up my tab 'cause these drinks is not free
You drunk and hot girl

We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls

I don't want to drop your friends off, I just want you
You drunk and hot girl
You want to sit down but we hit the drive-thru
You drunk and hot girl
Please don't fall asleep, baby, we almost back
Please don't throw up in the car, we almost crashed
Oh, now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that
You drunk and hot girl

We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls

Love the dangerous necessity that people seek
Without regard to where they are
The human heart is curious
Above all things, love, the lights are low, your eyes are bright
The music plays, it's sweet delight
It's out of sight, I'm feeling right
Your dress is tight
Oh how, I want you right now

Don't tell me, you sing, you about to get a deal
You drunk and hot girl
"Ah da da da da," That's how the fuck you sound
You drunk and hot girl, yeah
You only live once, do whatever you like
I thought I'd be with you for only one night
Now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life
That drunk and hot girl

We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(A little sippy sippy)
We gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(Did she say she want a brewski?)
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls

La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da
Blap!

Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights)

She don't believe in shootin' stars
But she believe in shoes and cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's departments
You more like "love to start shit"
I'm more of the trips to Florida
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water
Straight from a page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man, why can't life always be this easy?
She in the mirror dancin' so sleazy
I get a call like, "Where are you, Yeezy?"
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte
'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these niggas got me
I hate these niggas more than the Nazis

As I recall, I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
What do I know?
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
What do I know? Know
Flashing lights (lights, lights)

I know it's been a while, sweetheart
We hardly talk, I was doin' my thang
I know I was foul, baby
Aye, babe, lately, you've been all on my brain
And if somebody woulda told me a month ago
Frontin', though, yo, I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody woulda told me a year ago
It'll go get this difficult
Feelin' like Katrina with no FEMA
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no Visa
First class with the seat back, I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum
I'm just sayin', hey, Mona Lisa
Come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar

As I recall, I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
What do I know?
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
What do I know? Know
Flashing lights (lights, lights)

As you recall, you know I love to show off
But you never thought that I would take it this far
What do you know?
Flashing lights, lights, lights
What do you know? Know
Flashing lights (lights, lights)
Flashing lights (lights, lights, lights, lights…)

Damn, here we go again
Common passed on this beat, I made it to a jam
Now everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
I'll never be picture-perfect Beyoncé
Be light as Al B or black as Chauncey
Remember him from Blackstreet? He was black as the street was
I'll never be laid back as this beat was
I never could see why people'll reach a
Fake-ass facade that they couldn't keep up
You see how I creeped up?
You see how I played a big role in Chicago like Queen Latifah?
I'll never rock a mink coat in the winter time like Killa Cam
Or rock some mink boots in the summertime like will.i.am
Let me know if you feel it, man
'Cause everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
Everybody saying what's not for him
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
And I'm back to tear it up
Haters start your engines, I hear 'em gearing up
People talk so much shit about me at barbershops
They forget to get their hair cut
Okay, fair enough, the streets is flaring up
'Cause they want gun talk, or I don't wear enough
Baggy clothes, Reeboks, or A-di-dos
Can I add that he do spaz out at his shows
So say goodbye to the NAACP Award
Goodbye to the India Arie Award
They'd rather give me the N-nigga Please Award
But I'll just take the I Got a Lot of Cheese Award
Damn, here we go again
Bum-tu-bum-bum-bum
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
I know people wouldn't usually rap this
But I got the facts to back this
Just last year, Chicago had over 600 caskets
Man, killing's some wack shit
Oh, I forgot, 'cept for when niggas is rappin'
Do you know what it feel like when people is passin'?
He got changed over his chains a block off Ashland
I need to talk to somebody, pastor
The church want tithe, so I can't afford to pay
Pink slip on my door, 'cause I can't afford to stay
My fifteen seconds up, but I got more to say
That's enough Mr. West, please, no more today
Damn, here we go again
Everybody saying what's not for him
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
In my soul
Gonna take you to the glory
Goal, in my mind I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my

Now where the South Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Now where the West Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my

Can I talk my shit again?
Even if I don't hit again?
Dog, are you fucking kidding?
My hat, my shoes, my coat
Louis Vuitton stitch, with Donatella Versace
That's Louis Vuitton, bitch
I think Hennessy, I drink, I'm gone
Off that Bacardi Limon and Corona. I'm zonin'
Class back in session so I upped it a grade
In two years Dwayne Wayne became Dwyane Wade
And hey, please don't start me
I'm like Gnarls Barkley meets Charles Barkley
I'm pop the Barkers, I'm hood the Parkers
While y'all was in limbo I raised the bar up
I touched on everything
Married to the game, rock a chain 'steada wedding ring
Y'all bridesmaids catch the garter
On nights when 'Ye romance
Cameras flash so much
That I gotta do that Yayo dance
I'm on a world tour with Common, my man
After each and every show a couple dykes in the van
It's easy
The hood love to listen to Jeezy and Weezy
And, oh yeah, Yeezy
I did it for the glory

Yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
The glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
I did it for the glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
The glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my

What am I supposed to do now?
Man the game all messed up
How I'm suppose to stand out when everybody get dressed up?
So yeah, at the Grammys I went ultra Travolta
Yeah that tuxedo might have been a little guido
But with my ego
I can stand there in a Speedo
And be looked at like a fucking hero
The glory, the story, the chain, the polo, the night
The grind, the empty bottles of No-Doz
Tank on empty, whipping my mamma's Volvo
I spent that gas money on clothes with logos
The fur is Hermes, shit that you don't floss
The Goyard so hard man, I'm Hugo's boss
Why I gotta ask what that TUDOR cost?
House on the hill
Two doors from Tracey Ross
And I'm asking about her girlfriends
Yeah, the dark skin'ed ones
She asking about the speed boats yeah I admit we rented 'em
When you meet me in person what do you feel like?
I know, I know I look better in real life
I hear people compare themselves to big a lot
You know B.I.G. and Pac, you know to get it hot
I guess after I live I wanna be compared to B.I.G
Any one: Big Pun, Big L or Notorious
'Till then, get money and stunt and stay glorious
And I'm gonna stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit
Yeah I'mma stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit
These haters be killing themselves they wanna come and get the glory

Yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
The glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Now where the South Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Now where the West Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my

I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my

Yeah
And you say Chi city!
Chi city! Chi city!

I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then? (Yeah)
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm comin' home again (Ow!)
-Min' home again

I met this girl when I was three years old
And what I loved most, she had so much soul
She said, "Excuse me, little homie, I know you don't know me
But my name is Windy and I like to blow trees."
And from that point, I never blow her off
Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off
They like to act tough, she like to toe 'em off
And make 'em straighten up their hat 'cause she know they soft
And when I grew up, she showed me how to go downtown
In the nighttime, her face lit up, so astoundin'
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
She never messed with entertainers 'cause they always leave
She said, "It felt like they walked and drove on me."
Knew I was gang affiliated, got on TV and told on me
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
She said, "'Ye, keep makin' that, keep makin' that platinum and gold for me!"

I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm comin' home again
-Min' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then? Oh!
Now I'm comin' home again
Maybe we can start again

But if you really cared for her
Then you wouldn't've never hit the airport to follow your dreams
Sometimes I still talk to her
But when I talk to her, it always seems like she talkin' 'bout me
She said, "You left your kids, and they just like you
They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you
But they just not you," and I just got through
Talkin' 'bout what niggas tryin' to do: just not new
Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
And guess when I heard that? When I was back home
Every interview, I'm representin' you, makin' you proud
Reach for the stars, so if you fall, you land on a cloud
Jump in the crowd, spark your lighters, wave 'em around
If you don't know by now, I'm talkin' 'bout Chi-Town

I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm comin' home again
-Min' home again
Baby, do you remember when
Fireworks at Lake Michigan? Oh!
Now I'm comin' home again
-Min' home again
Baby, do you remember when
Fireworks at Lake Michigan? Oh!
Now I'm comin' home again
Maybe we can start again

Loy-oy-al, loy-oy-al
Comin' home again
Loy-oy-al, loy-oy-al
Comin' home again
Maybe we can start again

Stadium status
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin
It's the Hard Knock Life Tour, sellout
Picture us in the mall, coppin' Iceberg and yell out "Jigga"
Yeah, that's what we'll yell out, yell out
You know the name do I gotta spell out or tell 'bout
J-A-Y, and 'Ye so shy
Now he won't even step to his idol to say hi
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by
Back of my mind, "He could change your life
With all these beats I did, at least let him hear it
At least you can brag to ya friends back at the gig"
But he got me out my momma crib
Then he help me get my momma a crib
Big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands?
Fresh off the plane, I'm off to Baseline
Nothing handed out, I'm 'bout to take mine
'round the same time of that Blueprint 1
And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for him
I'd play my little songs in that old back room
He'd bob his head and say "Damn! Oh, that's you?"
But by The Black Album, I was blacking out
Partyin' S.O.B.'s and we had packed a crowd
Big brother got his show up at Madison Square
And I'm like "Yeah, yeah, we gon' be there" but
Not only did I not get a chance to spit it
Carline told me I could buy two tickets
I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different
And kept little brother at bay, at a distance
But everything that I felt was more bogus
Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent
Only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over
I guess I'll understand when I get more older
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem
Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands?
Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant?
Not only a client, the Presidito, hola, Hovito
The game gettin' foul so here's a free throw
I was always on the other side of the peephole
Then I dropped "Jesus Walks" now I'm on the steeple
And we know, "New Jack City"—got to keep my brother
But to be number one I'ma beat my brother
On that "Diamonds" remix I swore I spazzed
Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass
Sibling rivalry, only I could see
It was the pride in me that was drivin' me
At the Grammys I said, "I inspired me"
But my big brother who I always tried to be
When I kicked a flow it was like pick-and-roll
Cause even if he gave me the rock, it's give-and-go
I guess Beanie's style was more of a slam dunk
And my shit was more like a finger roll
But I had them singles though
And them hoes at the show gonna mingle, yo, heh, y'all know
I told Jay I did a song with Coldplay
Next thing I know he got a song with Coldplay
Back in my mind I'm like, "Damn, no way"
Translate, español: "No way, José"
Then I went and told Jay Brown
Shoulda known that was gonna come back around
Shoulda talked to you like a man, shoulda told you first
But I told somebody else and that's what made shit worse
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
So here's a few words from ya kid brother
If you admire somebody you should go on 'head tell 'em
People never get the flowers while they can still smell 'em
A idol in my eyes, god of the game
Heart of the City, Roc-a-Fella chain
Never be the same, never be another
Number one, Young Hov, also my big brother
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D., my mentor, and that's where the story ends
Toomp killed this shit
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true

I don't wanna say goodbye, to you
So I'll just say good night, to you
My people, no goodbyes to you
I'm just gon' say good night

Uh
Good night
Right now I can see it so vivid
Like it was just yesterday, like I could relive it
Me and my grandparents on a field trip
And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits
But it'll fade before I get to get a hold of that
Man, I wish I could stop time like a photograph
Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh
Man (man), I wouldn't let a moment pass
What do it mean when you dream that you fallin'?
What do it mean when you dream that you ballin'?
What do it mean when you never dream at all then
And you don't really know 'cause you can't recall them?
It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to
People you never got a chance to say bye to
Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams
Into real life (real life), if you try to
So close (so close), but so far (but so far)
And so far (and so far), no cigar (no cigar)
We can't dwell on the past, all we got is today
So I'ma live like it's no tomorrow, no goodbyes

I don't wanna say goodbye, to you
So I'll just say good night, to you
My people, no goodbyes to you
I'm just gon' say good night

Uh, to you
If I part, my art will live through you
Dream beautiful and unusual
Wake up like every day new to you
Stay true to you, a hood musical
My art will live through you
Dream beautiful and unusual
Wake up like every day new to you
Stay true to you, a hood musical

I don't wanna say goodbye, to you
So I'll just say good night, to you
My people, no goodbyes to you
I'm just gon' say good night

I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true